## 3. EXECUTION.

a.  Commander’s Intent

  - (1) Purpose.  The purpose of this operation is to facilitate stability of the region and the international border.

  - (2) Method.  Key to our success in all phases of this operation is flexibility and tempo.  We will focus each task to ensure we overwhelm enemy forces through intelligent use of combined arms and maneuver.  We will closely integrate aviation assets in conjunction with a rapidly moving ground force, all supported by flexible logistics.  Aviation will be our force multiplier, providing the Task Force with well-planned and executed air power.  Prior to commencing offensive and defensive operations, we will use aviation to shape the battlespace, setting the conditions for JTF success.  Once ground hostilities ashore have commenced, aviation provides accurate, timely and responsive CAS, assault support, and CASEVAC support that will allow ground forces to maintain continued focus on the enemy.  In concert with the CFACC, air superiority provides the Task Force with an umbrella in which we can easily and quickly project ground combat power, in conjunction with coordinated aviation fires, throughout the Task Force battlespace.  This integration of JTF operations, violently executed, will quickly overwhelm Russian C2 and enable the Task Force freedom of maneuver and crush Russian resolve to further threaten Georgia, the coalition, and regional stability. 

  - (3) Endstate.  Endstate for this operation is defined as Russian combat forces incapable of conducting offensive operations above the battalion level, the internationally recognized border of Georgia secure, paramilitary groups rendered inoperative in Georgia and Turkey, and the Task Force prepared to hand off responsibility of security operations within Georgia to a UN-designated force and legitimate civil authorities. 

b.  Concept of Operations.  JTF 46.5 will execute OPERATION CITADEL CURTAIN in four phases.

  -	Phase 1:  Deter the enemy
  -	Phase 2:  Seize the initiative
  -	Phase 3:  Dominate the enemy
  -	Phase 4:  Stabilize the environment

    - (1) Phase 1 – Deter the Enemy.  CJTF-C is the main effort.  Phase 1 began at the commencement of the MPF offload of TF EAGLE and insertion of 4th Infantry Division (MECH), 1st Stryker BCT into UAE.  It ends at the completion of MPF offload.  The purpose of this phase is to provide support to the Omani and Emirati governments against paramilitary forces while deterring preemptive aggression by Iranian forces (regular or paramilitary).  1 Stryker BCT is ashore and positioned in AA DOG (Forward Operating Base Viper), prepared to conduct dismounted and helicopter borne missions ISO JTF 46.5. RCT-28 will establish firm bases in preparation for future offensive operations and establish counter-reconnaissance forward of its firm base positions IOT protect JTF 46.5 from Iranian forces.  Phase 1 ends when MPF offload complete and CSG-3 prepared to assume main effort and begin Phase 2.

    - (2) Phase 2 – Seize the initiative.  Phase 2 begins once CSG-3 arrives on-station off the Eastern Coast of UAE and begins conducting presence operations in the Gulf of Oman.

    - (3) Phase 3 – Dominate the enemy.  Phase 3 begins when JTF 46.5 begins conventional defensive and offensive ground operations.  This phase ends when no combat capable Iranian forces larger than a battalion are remaining within 100 miles of the Southern Iranian Coasts, the internationally recognized border of UAE and Oman is secure, paramilitary forces within international borders are rendered inoperative, and JTF 46.5 is prepared to conduct security operations in southern Iran.  Phase 3 ends when Iranian combat forces unable to conduct operations above the battalion level, UAE and Oman borders secure, and JTF 46.5 prepared to transition to Phase 4.

    - (4) Phase 4 – Stabilize the environment.  Phase 4 begins when CG JTF 46.5 has determined that there are no combat capable forces (larger than a battalion), that can threaten the coasts of the Arabian Peninsula.  Phase 4 will end O/O.  JTF 46.5 performs aggressive stability and support (SASO) on Arabian Peninsula by conducting limited offensive and defensive operations in conjunction with humanitarian assistance (HA) and information operations (IO).  Heavy dismounted and mounted patrolling operations along the coasts and within urban areas are essential to control illegal arms movement and lawlessness.  Further, this is expected to quell the possible anti-multinational alliance sentiment from Iranian Armed Forces still remaining within Oman and UAE.  JTF 46.5 will also foster military and civil relations with the UAE/Oman government IOT build military readiness and democratic institutions.  CSG-3 is prepared to provide air power to increase depth of coverage across the Task Force’s defensive lines, and assists in the enforcement of established borders, thereby limiting the chance of renewed hostilities.  Phase 4 ends when the international border is secure and the Task Force assisting in post-hostility support to the nation of UAE, prepared to hand over operations to United Nations forces and legitimate civil authorities.

